docs: Add documentation for reply accepting a function as the data parameter (#1456)
nodejs/undici: docs/best-practices/mocking-request.md

// subsequent request to origin http://localhost:3000 was not allowed (net.connect disabled)
```

## Reply with data based on request

> If the mocked response needs to be dinamically derived from the reuqest parametes, you can provide a function instead of an object to `reply`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the mocked response needs to be dynamically derived from the request parameters, you can provide a function instead of an object to `reply`
```
